BEGIN:VCALENDAR
VERSION:2.0
PRODID:-//yaml2ical agendas//EN
BEGIN:VEVENT
SUMMARY:AWS working group
DTSTART:20220428T173000Z
DURATION:PT1H
DTSTAMP:20231120T144201Z
UID:awsworkinggroup-20220428
RRULE:FREQ=MONTHLY;BYDAY=4TH
DESCRIPTION:Project:  AWS working group\nChair:  Alina Buzachis (abuzachis
 )\, Mark Chappell (tremble)\, Markus Bergholz (markuman)\nDescription:  \n
 We discuss everything related to AWS every 4th Thursday of the month at 17
 :30 UTC.\nIf you have something to discuss (e.g. a PR that needs help)\, a
 dd your request to the meeting agenda and join the IRC channel.\n\nAgenda 
 URL:  https://github.com/ansible/community/issues?q=is:open+label:meeting_
 agenda+label:aws\nProject URL:  https://github.com/ansible/community/wiki/
 AWS
LOCATION:#ansible-aws or https://matrix.to/#/#aws:ansible.im
END:VEVENT
BEGIN:VEVENT
SUMMARY:Community working group
DTSTART:20240327T180000Z
DURATION:PT1H
DTSTAMP:20231120T144201Z
UID:communityworkinggroup-20240327
RRULE:FREQ=WEEKLY
DESCRIPTION:Project:  Community working group\nChair:  John Barker (gundal
 ow)\nDescription:  \nDiscuss everything related to Ansible Community and C
 ontributor experience.\n\nAgenda URL:  https://github.com/ansible/communit
 y/issues?q=is:open+label:meeting_agenda+label:contributor_experience\nProj
 ect URL:  https://github.com/ansible/community/wiki/Community
LOCATION:#ansible-community or https://matrix.to/#/#community:ansible.com
END:VEVENT
BEGIN:VEVENT
SUMMARY:Documentation working group
DTSTART:20231128T160000Z
DURATION:PT1H
DTSTAMP:20231120T144201Z
UID:documentationworkinggroup-20231128
RRULE:FREQ=WEEKLY
DESCRIPTION:Project:  Documentation working group\nChair:  Sandra McCann (
 samccann)\nDescription:  \nDiscuss everything related to Ansible Documenta
 tion.\n\nAgenda URL:  https://forum.ansible.com/t/documentation-working-gr
 oup-agenda/153/7\nProject URL:  https://github.com/ansible/community/wiki/
 Docs
LOCATION:#ansible-docs or https://matrix.to/#/#docs:ansible.com
END:VEVENT
BEGIN:VEVENT
SUMMARY:Network working group
DTSTART:20230511T130000Z
DURATION:PT1H
DTSTAMP:20231120T144201Z
UID:networkworkinggroup-20230511
RRULE:FREQ=WEEKLY;INTERVAL=2
DESCRIPTION:Project:  Network working group\nChair:  Kate Case (Qalthos)\n
 Description:  \nDiscuss everything network.\n\nAgenda URL:  https://github
 .com/ansible/community/labels/network\nProject URL:  https://github.com/an
 sible/community/wiki/Network
LOCATION:#ansible-network or https://matrix.to/#/#network:ansible.com
END:VEVENT
END:VCALENDAR
